README.md, before:

[Link text](main.html)
# Dot-Drawing
This is one of my dream projects to create. I've always liked those dotted notebooks. Square, Triangle, Etc. I would sometimes just connect and draw random dots together until I was able to form a cohesive shape that looks cool. In this project, I dream of being able to do that everytime I'm bored and I have my laptop with me and not a notebook.

# Language and Libraries Used:
- HTML
- JavaScript
    - Fabric.js

# How to use
- Click on a circle and click on another circle to draw a line
- Press esc to cancel drawing a line
- Press the x button on the bottom right to clear all lines
- Press spacebar to remove the most recent line
- Use the slider to adjust the number of rows and columns

# Files
1. main.html
    - Main html code
2. your-script.js
    - Save button not working
    - Choose file is working tho


# Things to do still
- [ ] Snap properly at the center
- [ ] Ability to cut off lines for any intersections
- [ ] keyboard shortcuts to change colors
- [ ] keyboard shortcuts to change line thickness
- [ ] Main menu to show the different types of grids
- [ ] Add css using bootstrap?
- [ ] Make it touch compatible if using a phone
- [ ] Save functionality
    - [ ] saves rows and columns into a 2d array
    - [ ] creates an (N,2,2) array which is a list of all of the two points which has coordinates (x,y) 
- [ ] line creation doesn't even work anymore lmao

Commit message:

Functionality Updates
put necessary foundation for new functionalities

README.md, after:

[Link text](main.html)
# Dot-Drawing
This is one of my dream projects to create. I've always liked those dotted notebooks. Square, Triangle, Etc. I would sometimes just connect and draw random dots together until I was able to form a cohesive shape that looks cool. In this project, I dream of being able to do that everytime I'm bored and I have my laptop with me and not a notebook.

# Language and Libraries Used:
- HTML
- JavaScript
    - Fabric.js

# How to use
- Click on a circle and click on another circle to draw a line
- Press esc to cancel drawing a line
- Press the x button on the bottom right to clear all lines
- Press spacebar to remove the most recent line
- Use the slider to adjust the number of rows and columns

# Files
1. main.html
    - Main html code
2. your-script.js
    - Save button not working
    - Choose file is working tho


# Things to do still [/] done [c] foundation
- [/] Snap properly at the center
- [ ] Ability to cut off lines for any intersections
- [c] keyboard shortcuts to change colors
- [c] keyboard shortcuts to change line thickness
- [ ] Main menu to show the different types of grids
- [c] Add css using bootstrap?
- [ ] Make it touch compatible if using a phone
- [ ] Save functionality
    - [ ] saves rows and columns into a 2d array
    - [ ] creates an (N,2,2) array which is a list of all of the two points which has coordinates (x,y) 
    - [ ] saves to your local computer and you can choose where to solve it 
    - [ ] add comments on the bottom or top what version this is
- [/] line creation doesn't even work anymore lmao
- [ ] make dots smaller and make it gray
- [ ] add a button to change between light and dark mode
- [ ] add button so I can remove the dots
- [?] maybe use a slider from the domestika projects
- [/] center the title
- [ ] how do I see what the lines are storing
- [ ] if changing the slider then store the lines and then just remove the right and bottom rows or smth
